README.md, before:

# Centaur Emacs

[![Build Status](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/actions)
[![Release Tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/seagle0128/.emacs.d.svg?label=Release)](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/releases)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/:License-GPL3-blue.svg)](License)
[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Windows-lightblue?logo=windows&style=flat&logoColor=blue)](Windows)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-fcc624?logo=linux&style=flat&logoColor=black)](Linux)
[![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-macOS-lightgrey?logo=apple&style=flat&logoColor=white)](macOS)

![Centaur Emacs](logo.png)

<!-- markdown-toc start - Don't edit this section. Run M-x markdown-toc-refresh-toc -->

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Prerequisite](#prerequisite)
  - [OS](#os)
  - [GNU Emacs](#gnu-emacs)
  - [Dotfiles (Optional)](#dotfiles-optional)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Update](#update)
  - [Docker](#docker)
- [Customization](#customization)
  - [Customize Group](#customize-group)
  - [Manual](#manual)
- [Hydra](#hydra)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Donate](#donate)

<!-- markdown-toc end -->

This is an Emacs distribution that aims to enhance the default Emacs experience.
It alters a lot of the default settings, bundles a plethora of additional
packages and adds its own core library to the mix. The final product offers
an easy to use Emacs configuration for Emacs newcomers and lots of additional
power for Emacs power users.

It's able to run on Windows, GNU Linux and macOS. It is compatible **ONLY with
GNU Emacs 27.1 and above**. In general you're advised to always run with the
latest stable release - currently **29.2**.

## Features

- Out of box.
- Clean and Fast.
- Quick fuzzy search.
- Better Org/Markdown support.
- Support multiple programming languages
  - C/C++/Object-C/C#/Java
  - Python/Ruby/Perl/PHP/Shell/Powershell/Bat
  - JavaScript/Typescript/JSON/YAML
  - HTML/CSS/XML
  - Golang/Swift/Rust/Dart/Elixir
  - ...
- Auto completion.
- Fly syntax check.
- Fly spell check.
- Git integration.
- Project/Workspace integration.
- Pomodor integration.
- MPD integration.
- Support docker.
- Better Chinese support:
  - Chinese calendar
  - Youdao dictionary
  - Google translation
  - Pinyin search

## Prerequisite

### OS

- GNU Linux
- macOS
- Windows (Cygwin/MSYS)

### GNU Emacs

Please refer to [Installing Emacs](http://wikemacs.org/index.php/Installing_Emacs).

### Dotfiles (Optional)

Recommend to use [Centaur Dotfiles](https://github.com/seagle0128/dotfiles).

## Quick Start

### Install

```shell
mv ~/.emacs.d ~/.emacs.d.bak
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d.git ~/.emacs.d
```

or download the [zip
package](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/archive/master.zip) directly and
extract to `~/.emacs.d`.

If you are using Linux, you may prefer an XDG-compatible location, please use

```shell
# Please make sure ~/.emacs.d, ~/.emacs and ~/.emacs.el don't exist
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d.git $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/emacs
```

or extract the zip package to `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/emacs` directory.

Then start Emacs. Wait for a while to install packages at the first startup.
Enjoy! :smile:

**Attention**: It may take long time to download packages at the first startup.
It's up to your network speed. If it takes too long time and no response, check
the connection or use proxy.

**Note**: Start Emacs with the minimal configuration for fast startup and
troubleshooting.

```shell
emacs -Q -l ~/.emacs.d/init-mini.el
```

### Update

```emacs-lisp
# Update Centaur Emacs, including configurations and packages
M-x centaur-update

# Update Emacs configurations only
M-x centaur-update-config

# Update ~/.dotfiles if it exists
M-x centaur-update-dotfiles

# Update packages only
M-x centaur-update-packages

# Update all including configurations, packages and dotfiles
M-x centaur-update-all
```

### Docker

```shell
cd ~/.emacs.d/Dockerfile
docker build -t centaur/emacs .
docker run -it centaur/emacs bash
```

## Customization

### Customize Group

`M-x customize-group` and select `centaur`. Set and save the configurations,
then restart Emacs.

### Manual

Add or change the configurations in `custom.el`, then restart Emacs.

For Example:

```emacs-lisp
(setq centaur-logo nil)                        ; Logo file or nil (official logo)
(setq centaur-full-name "user name")           ; User full name
(setq centaur-mail-address "user@email.com")   ; Email address
(setq centaur-proxy "127.0.0.1:1087")          ; HTTP/HTTPS proxy
(setq centaur-socks-proxy "127.0.0.1:1086")    ; SOCKS proxy
(setq centaur-server t)                        ; Enable `server-mode' or not: t or nil
(setq centaur-icon t)                          ; Display icons or not: t or nil
(setq centaur-package-archives 'melpa)         ; Package repo: melpa, bfsu, iscas, netease, sjtu, tencent, tuna or ustc
(setq centaur-theme 'auto)                     ; Color theme: auto, random, system, default, pro, dark, light, warm, cold, day or night
(setq centaur-completion-style 'minibuffer)    ; Completion display style: minibuffer or childframe
(setq centaur-dashboard nil)                   ; Display dashboard at startup or not: t or nil
(setq centaur-lsp 'lsp-mode)                   ; Set LSP client: lsp-mode, eglot or nil
(setq centaur-lsp-format-on-save t)            ; Auto format buffers on save: t or nil
(setq centaur-lsp-format-on-save-ignore-modes '(c-mode c++-mode python-mode markdown-mode)) ; Ignore format on save for some languages
(setq centaur-tree-sitter nil)                 ; Enable tree-sitter or not: t or nil. Only available in 29+.
(setq centaur-chinese-calendar nil)            ; Support Chinese calendar or not: t or nil
(setq centaur-player t)                        ; Enable players or not: t or nil
(setq centaur-prettify-symbols-alist nil)      ; Alist of symbol prettifications. Nil to use font supports ligatures.
(setq centaur-prettify-org-symbols-alist nil)  ; Alist of symbol prettifications for `org-mode'
```

The default package archives is `melpa`. You can change it in `custom.el`, or
set manually via `M-x set-package-archives` anytime.

For the personal configurations, you could put to `~/.emacs.d/custom-post.org`
or`~/.emacs.d/custom-post.el`.

## Hydra

| Name                     | Scope                 | Keybinding        | Description                          |
|--------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `toggles-hydra`          | global                | `<f6>`            | Global option toggles                |
| `window-hydra`           | global                | `C-c w`/`C-x o w` | Window management                    |
| `doom-modeline-hydra`    | doom-modeline-mode    | `C-<f6>`          | Mode-line options and actions        |
| `hydra-dired-qick-sort`  | dired-mode            | `S`               | Options for `dired-quick-sort`       |
| `org-hydra`              | org-mode              | `<`               | Org template                         |
| `dashboard-hydra`        | dashboard-mode        | `h`/`?`           | Actions for the dashboard            |
| `dumb-jump-hydra`        | global                | `C-M-j`           | Jump to definition                   |
| `youdao-dictionay-hydra` | youdao-dictionay-mode | `h`/`?`           | Actions for `youdao-dictionary`      |
| `ztreediff-hydra`        | zreediff-mode         | `C-<f5>`          | Actions for text mode directory tree |
| `git-messenger-hydra`    | global                | `C-x v p`         | Actions for `git-messenger`          |
| `smerge-mode-hydra`      | smerge-mode           | `C-c m`           | Actions for `smerge-mode`            |
| `rect-hydra`             | text-mode, prog-mode  | `C-<return>`      | Actions for Rectangle                |
| `rect-hydra`             | org-mode              | `S-<return>`      | Actions for Rectangle                |
| `hideshow-hydra`         | prog-mode             | `C-~`             | Actions for `hideshow`               |
| `lsp-ui-hydra`           | lsp-ui-mode           | `M-<f6>`          | Actions for `lsp-ui`                 |
| `dap-hydra`              | dap-mode              | `M-<f5>`          | Actions for `dap-debug`              |
| `elfeed-hydra`           | elfeed-search-mode    | `?`               | Actions for RSS reader `elfeed`      |
| `xwidget-hydra`          | xwidget-webkit-mode   | `?`               | Actions for embedded webkit browser  |

## Screenshots

![Dashboard](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/97093362-c793b000-167d-11eb-924a-1892c6e95b8a.png "Dashboard (default theme)")

![color_icons](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/97093358-b9de2a80-167d-11eb-9e5a-8591b1248c37.png "Main (color icons)")

![markdown_magit](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/56489193-7f894f80-6513-11e9-9c95-ea1ef41efb1f.png "Markdown and Magit")

![org_classic](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/56489410-2837af00-6514-11e9-9e04-a1663ac479e8.png "Org (classic theme)")

![main_light](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/56489516-85cbfb80-6514-11e9-9dd4-8602bf8a4ec7.png "Main (light theme)")

## FAQ

1. How to display icons correctly in Centaur Emacs?

   Generally you just use `M-x centaur-install-fonts` to install all necessary
   fonts. The manual steps are below.

   [nerd-icons](https://github.com/rainstormstudio/nerd-icons.el) are necessary.
   Run `M-x nerd-icons-install-fonts` to install the resource fonts. On
   Windows, the fonts should be installed manually. `nerd-icons` supports bot GUI and TUI.
   If you don't like color icons, `(setq nerd-icons-color-icons nil)` to disable it.
   Please refer to [nerd-icons.el](https://github.com/rainstormstudio/nerd-icons.el) for details.

1. The packages cannot be installed, what should I do?

   Generally it's due to connection issue. Please refer to
   [#98](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/issues/98).

   - `M-x package-refresh-contents` and try again.
   - `(setq gnutls-algorithm-priority "NORMAL:-VERS-TLS1.3")`.
   - Use other mirror of ELPA.
   - Change another network to retry.

1. How to search Chinese via pinyin?

   In Emacs, `C-s !`. If you just want to search `!`, use `C-s \!`.

1. How to use the Centaur Dashboard?

   If `centaur-dashboard` is non-nil the Centaur Dashboard will be opened at
   startup automatically. After startup, you could use `F2` to reopen it
   anytime. In the dashboard, please press `?` or `h` to get the help. You can
   easily jump to the sections or buttons with keybindings, e.g. Homepage(`H`),
   Session(`R`, `L`), Settings(`S`), Update(`U`), Recent Files (`r`),
   Bookmarks(`m`) and Projects(`p`).

1. Does Centaur Emacs support Language Server Protocol (LSP)?

   The LSP feature is supported and enabled by default in Centaur Emacs.
   `lsp-mode` is the default client, and `eglot` is another choice. Use `(setq centaur-lsp nil)` to
   disable LSP if you don't like it.

   To use LSP you should install the language servers. Refer to [lsp-mode:
   supported-languages](https://github.com/emacs-lsp/lsp-mode#supported-languages)
   or [eglot: Connecting to a
   server](https://github.com/joaotavora/eglot#connecting-to-a-server) for
   the details.

1. How to enable `plantuml` in `org-mode`?

   Put `(setq org-plantuml-jar-path "<path of plantumx.x.x.jar>")` in `custom.el`.

1. Why the Emacs environment variables and `exec-path` are different between GUI
   and terminal?

   Please refer to #33. You should instead set environment variables in startup
   files like `.profile`, `.bash_profile` or `.zshenv`, then `Centaur Emacs` is
   able to recognize and import the environment variables.

1. How to use [zoom-window](https://github.com/syohex/emacs-zoom-window) in
   Centaur Emacs?

   See [#169](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/issues/169#issuecomment-590035527).

## Donate

If you think the it's helpful for you, please consider paying a cup of coffee
for me. Thank you! :smile:

<img
src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/65818854-44204900-e248-11e9-9cc5-3e6339587cd8.png"
alt="Alipay" width="120"/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img
src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/65818844-366ac380-e248-11e9-931c-4bd872d0566b.png"
alt="Wechat Pay" width="120"/>

<a href="https://paypal.me/seagle0128" target="_blank">
<img
src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/digitalassets/c/website/marketing/apac/C2/logos-buttons/optimize/44_Grey_PayPal_Pill_Button.png"
alt="PayPal" width="120" />
</a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/s9giES1" target="_blank">
<img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-orange.png"
alt="Buy Me A Coffee" width="160"/>
</a>

Commit message:

feat: new option centaur-frame-maximized-on-startup

README.md, after:

# Centaur Emacs

[![Build Status](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/actions)
[![Release Tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/seagle0128/.emacs.d.svg?label=Release)](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/releases)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/:License-GPL3-blue.svg)](License)
[![Windows](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Windows-lightblue?logo=windows&style=flat&logoColor=blue)](Windows)
[![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-fcc624?logo=linux&style=flat&logoColor=black)](Linux)
[![macOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/-macOS-lightgrey?logo=apple&style=flat&logoColor=white)](macOS)

![Centaur Emacs](logo.png)

<!-- markdown-toc start - Don't edit this section. Run M-x markdown-toc-refresh-toc -->

## Table of Contents

- [Features](#features)
- [Prerequisite](#prerequisite)
  - [OS](#os)
  - [GNU Emacs](#gnu-emacs)
  - [Dotfiles (Optional)](#dotfiles-optional)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Update](#update)
  - [Docker](#docker)
- [Customization](#customization)
  - [Customize Group](#customize-group)
  - [Manual](#manual)
- [Hydra](#hydra)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [FAQ](#faq)
- [Donate](#donate)

<!-- markdown-toc end -->

This is an Emacs distribution that aims to enhance the default Emacs experience.
It alters a lot of the default settings, bundles a plethora of additional
packages and adds its own core library to the mix. The final product offers
an easy to use Emacs configuration for Emacs newcomers and lots of additional
power for Emacs power users.

It's able to run on Windows, GNU Linux and macOS. It is compatible **ONLY with
GNU Emacs 27.1 and above**. In general you're advised to always run with the
latest stable release - currently **29.2**.

## Features

- Out of box.
- Clean and Fast.
- Quick fuzzy search.
- Better Org/Markdown support.
- Support multiple programming languages
  - C/C++/Object-C/C#/Java
  - Python/Ruby/Perl/PHP/Shell/Powershell/Bat
  - JavaScript/Typescript/JSON/YAML
  - HTML/CSS/XML
  - Golang/Swift/Rust/Dart/Elixir
  - ...
- Auto completion.
- Fly syntax check.
- Fly spell check.
- Git integration.
- Project/Workspace integration.
- Pomodor integration.
- MPD integration.
- Support docker.
- Better Chinese support:
  - Chinese calendar
  - Youdao dictionary
  - Google translation
  - Pinyin search

## Prerequisite

### OS

- GNU Linux
- macOS
- Windows (Cygwin/MSYS)

### GNU Emacs

Please refer to [Installing Emacs](http://wikemacs.org/index.php/Installing_Emacs).

### Dotfiles (Optional)

Recommend to use [Centaur Dotfiles](https://github.com/seagle0128/dotfiles).

## Quick Start

### Install

```shell
mv ~/.emacs.d ~/.emacs.d.bak
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d.git ~/.emacs.d
```

or download the [zip
package](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/archive/master.zip) directly and
extract to `~/.emacs.d`.

If you are using Linux, you may prefer an XDG-compatible location, please use

```shell
# Please make sure ~/.emacs.d, ~/.emacs and ~/.emacs.el don't exist
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d.git $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/emacs
```

or extract the zip package to `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/emacs` directory.

Then start Emacs. Wait for a while to install packages at the first startup.
Enjoy! :smile:

**Attention**: It may take long time to download packages at the first startup.
It's up to your network speed. If it takes too long time and no response, check
the connection or use proxy.

**Note**: Start Emacs with the minimal configuration for fast startup and
troubleshooting.

```shell
emacs -Q -l ~/.emacs.d/init-mini.el
```

### Update

```emacs-lisp
# Update Centaur Emacs, including configurations and packages
M-x centaur-update

# Update Emacs configurations only
M-x centaur-update-config

# Update ~/.dotfiles if it exists
M-x centaur-update-dotfiles

# Update packages only
M-x centaur-update-packages

# Update all including configurations, packages and dotfiles
M-x centaur-update-all
```

### Docker

```shell
cd ~/.emacs.d/Dockerfile
docker build -t centaur/emacs .
docker run -it centaur/emacs bash
```

## Customization

### Customize Group

`M-x customize-group` and select `centaur`. Set and save the configurations,
then restart Emacs.

### Manual

Add or change the configurations in `custom.el`, then restart Emacs.

For Example:

```emacs-lisp
(setq centaur-logo nil)                        ; Logo file or nil (official logo)
(setq centaur-full-name "user name")           ; User full name
(setq centaur-mail-address "user@email.com")   ; Email address
(setq centaur-proxy "127.0.0.1:1087")          ; HTTP/HTTPS proxy
(setq centaur-socks-proxy "127.0.0.1:1086")    ; SOCKS proxy
(setq centaur-server t)                        ; Enable `server-mode' or not: t or nil
(setq centaur-icon t)                          ; Display icons or not: t or nil
(setq centaur-package-archives 'melpa)         ; Package repo: melpa, bfsu, iscas, netease, sjtu, tencent, tuna or ustc
(setq centaur-theme 'auto)                     ; Color theme: auto, random, system, default, pro, dark, light, warm, cold, day or night
(setq centaur-completion-style 'minibuffer)    ; Completion display style: minibuffer or childframe
(setq centaur-frame-maximized-on-startup nil)  ; Maximize frame on startup or not
(setq centaur-dashboard nil)                   ; Display dashboard at startup or not: t or nil
(setq centaur-lsp 'lsp-mode)                   ; Set LSP client: lsp-mode, eglot or nil
(setq centaur-lsp-format-on-save t)            ; Auto format buffers on save: t or nil
(setq centaur-lsp-format-on-save-ignore-modes '(c-mode c++-mode python-mode markdown-mode)) ; Ignore format on save for some languages
(setq centaur-tree-sitter nil)                 ; Enable tree-sitter or not: t or nil. Only available in 29+.
(setq centaur-chinese-calendar nil)            ; Support Chinese calendar or not: t or nil
(setq centaur-player t)                        ; Enable players or not: t or nil
(setq centaur-prettify-symbols-alist nil)      ; Alist of symbol prettifications. Nil to use font supports ligatures.
(setq centaur-prettify-org-symbols-alist nil)  ; Alist of symbol prettifications for `org-mode'
```

The default package archives is `melpa`. You can change it in `custom.el`, or
set manually via `M-x set-package-archives` anytime.

For the personal configurations, you could put to `~/.emacs.d/custom-post.org`
or`~/.emacs.d/custom-post.el`.

## Hydra

| Name                     | Scope                 | Keybinding        | Description                          |
|--------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `toggles-hydra`          | global                | `<f6>`            | Global option toggles                |
| `window-hydra`           | global                | `C-c w`/`C-x o w` | Window management                    |
| `doom-modeline-hydra`    | doom-modeline-mode    | `C-<f6>`          | Mode-line options and actions        |
| `hydra-dired-qick-sort`  | dired-mode            | `S`               | Options for `dired-quick-sort`       |
| `org-hydra`              | org-mode              | `<`               | Org template                         |
| `dashboard-hydra`        | dashboard-mode        | `h`/`?`           | Actions for the dashboard            |
| `dumb-jump-hydra`        | global                | `C-M-j`           | Jump to definition                   |
| `youdao-dictionay-hydra` | youdao-dictionay-mode | `h`/`?`           | Actions for `youdao-dictionary`      |
| `ztreediff-hydra`        | zreediff-mode         | `C-<f5>`          | Actions for text mode directory tree |
| `git-messenger-hydra`    | global                | `C-x v p`         | Actions for `git-messenger`          |
| `smerge-mode-hydra`      | smerge-mode           | `C-c m`           | Actions for `smerge-mode`            |
| `rect-hydra`             | text-mode, prog-mode  | `C-<return>`      | Actions for Rectangle                |
| `rect-hydra`             | org-mode              | `S-<return>`      | Actions for Rectangle                |
| `hideshow-hydra`         | prog-mode             | `C-~`             | Actions for `hideshow`               |
| `lsp-ui-hydra`           | lsp-ui-mode           | `M-<f6>`          | Actions for `lsp-ui`                 |
| `dap-hydra`              | dap-mode              | `M-<f5>`          | Actions for `dap-debug`              |
| `elfeed-hydra`           | elfeed-search-mode    | `?`               | Actions for RSS reader `elfeed`      |
| `xwidget-hydra`          | xwidget-webkit-mode   | `?`               | Actions for embedded webkit browser  |

## Screenshots

![Dashboard](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/97093362-c793b000-167d-11eb-924a-1892c6e95b8a.png "Dashboard (default theme)")

![color_icons](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/97093358-b9de2a80-167d-11eb-9e5a-8591b1248c37.png "Main (color icons)")

![markdown_magit](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/56489193-7f894f80-6513-11e9-9c95-ea1ef41efb1f.png "Markdown and Magit")

![org_classic](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/56489410-2837af00-6514-11e9-9e04-a1663ac479e8.png "Org (classic theme)")

![main_light](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/56489516-85cbfb80-6514-11e9-9dd4-8602bf8a4ec7.png "Main (light theme)")

## FAQ

1. How to display icons correctly in Centaur Emacs?

   Generally you just use `M-x centaur-install-fonts` to install all necessary
   fonts. The manual steps are below.

   [nerd-icons](https://github.com/rainstormstudio/nerd-icons.el) are necessary.
   Run `M-x nerd-icons-install-fonts` to install the resource fonts. On
   Windows, the fonts should be installed manually. `nerd-icons` supports bot GUI and TUI.
   If you don't like color icons, `(setq nerd-icons-color-icons nil)` to disable it.
   Please refer to [nerd-icons.el](https://github.com/rainstormstudio/nerd-icons.el) for details.

1. The packages cannot be installed, what should I do?

   Generally it's due to connection issue. Please refer to
   [#98](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/issues/98).

   - `M-x package-refresh-contents` and try again.
   - `(setq gnutls-algorithm-priority "NORMAL:-VERS-TLS1.3")`.
   - Use other mirror of ELPA.
   - Change another network to retry.

1. How to search Chinese via pinyin?

   In Emacs, `C-s !`. If you just want to search `!`, use `C-s \!`.

1. How to use the Centaur Dashboard?

   If `centaur-dashboard` is non-nil the Centaur Dashboard will be opened at
   startup automatically. After startup, you could use `F2` to reopen it
   anytime. In the dashboard, please press `?` or `h` to get the help. You can
   easily jump to the sections or buttons with keybindings, e.g. Homepage(`H`),
   Session(`R`, `L`), Settings(`S`), Update(`U`), Recent Files (`r`),
   Bookmarks(`m`) and Projects(`p`).

1. Does Centaur Emacs support Language Server Protocol (LSP)?

   The LSP feature is supported and enabled by default in Centaur Emacs.
   `lsp-mode` is the default client, and `eglot` is another choice. Use `(setq centaur-lsp nil)` to
   disable LSP if you don't like it.

   To use LSP you should install the language servers. Refer to [lsp-mode:
   supported-languages](https://github.com/emacs-lsp/lsp-mode#supported-languages)
   or [eglot: Connecting to a
   server](https://github.com/joaotavora/eglot#connecting-to-a-server) for
   the details.

1. How to enable `plantuml` in `org-mode`?

   Put `(setq org-plantuml-jar-path "<path of plantumx.x.x.jar>")` in `custom.el`.

1. Why the Emacs environment variables and `exec-path` are different between GUI
   and terminal?

   Please refer to #33. You should instead set environment variables in startup
   files like `.profile`, `.bash_profile` or `.zshenv`, then `Centaur Emacs` is
   able to recognize and import the environment variables.

1. How to use [zoom-window](https://github.com/syohex/emacs-zoom-window) in
   Centaur Emacs?

   See [#169](https://github.com/seagle0128/.emacs.d/issues/169#issuecomment-590035527).

## Donate

If you think the it's helpful for you, please consider paying a cup of coffee
for me. Thank you! :smile:

<img
src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/65818854-44204900-e248-11e9-9cc5-3e6339587cd8.png"
alt="Alipay" width="120"/>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<img
src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/140797/65818844-366ac380-e248-11e9-931c-4bd872d0566b.png"
alt="Wechat Pay" width="120"/>

<a href="https://paypal.me/seagle0128" target="_blank">
<img
src="https://www.paypalobjects.com/digitalassets/c/website/marketing/apac/C2/logos-buttons/optimize/44_Grey_PayPal_Pill_Button.png"
alt="PayPal" width="120" />
</a>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/s9giES1" target="_blank">
<img src="https://cdn.buymeacoffee.com/buttons/default-orange.png"
alt="Buy Me A Coffee" width="160"/>
</a>
